README.md, before:


<!-- /!\ Non OCA Context : Set here the badge of your runbot / runboat instance. -->
[![Pre-commit Status](https://github.com/AlvaroNegrin21/specific_fields/actions/workflows/pre-commit.yml/badge.svg?branch=17.0)](https://github.com/AlvaroNegrin21/specific_fields/actions/workflows/pre-commit.yml?query=branch%3A17.0)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/AlvaroNegrin21/specific_fields/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg?branch=17.0)](https://github.com/AlvaroNegrin21/specific_fields/actions/workflows/test.yml?query=branch%3A17.0)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/AlvaroNegrin21/specific_fields/branch/17.0/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/AlvaroNegrin21/specific_fields)
<!-- /!\ Non OCA Context : Set here the badge of your translation instance. -->

<!-- /!\ do not modify above this line -->

# Specific fields for product module

Odoo module dedicated to add a pages with more fields to the product module 

<!-- /!\ do not modify below this line -->

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->

[//]: # (addons)

This part will be replaced when running the oca-gen-addons-table script from OCA/maintainer-tools.

[//]: # (end addons)

<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

## Licenses

This repository is licensed under [AGPL-3.0](LICENSE).

However, each module can have a totally different license, as long as they adhere to Binhex
policy. Consult each module's `__manifest__.py` file, which contains a `license` key
that explains its license.

----
<!-- /!\ Non OCA Context : Set here the full description of your organization. -->

Commit message:

[ADD]: specific_fields: Add an addon table to the repo README.md

README.md, after:


<!-- /!\ Non OCA Context : Set here the badge of your runbot / runboat instance. -->
[![Pre-commit Status](https://github.com/AlvaroNegrin21/specific_fields/actions/workflows/pre-commit.yml/badge.svg?branch=17.0)](https://github.com/AlvaroNegrin21/specific_fields/actions/workflows/pre-commit.yml?query=branch%3A17.0)
[![Build Status](https://github.com/AlvaroNegrin21/specific_fields/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg?branch=17.0)](https://github.com/AlvaroNegrin21/specific_fields/actions/workflows/test.yml?query=branch%3A17.0)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/AlvaroNegrin21/specific_fields/branch/17.0/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/AlvaroNegrin21/specific_fields)
<!-- /!\ Non OCA Context : Set here the badge of your translation instance. -->

<!-- /!\ do not modify above this line -->

# Specific fields for product module

Odoo module dedicated to add a pages with more fields to the product and partner modules

<!-- /!\ do not modify below this line -->

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->

[//]: # (addons)

Available addons
----------------
addon | version | maintainers | summary
--- | --- | --- | ---
[partner_characteristics](partner_characteristics/) | 17.0.1.0.0 |  | Add a page to contact module with a few new fields
[product_characteristics](product_characteristics/) | 17.0.1.0.0 |  | Add a page to product module with a few new fields

[//]: # (end addons)

<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

## Licenses

This repository is licensed under [AGPL-3.0](LICENSE).

However, each module can have a totally different license, as long as they adhere to Binhex
policy. Consult each module's `__manifest__.py` file, which contains a `license` key
that explains its license.

----
<!-- /!\ Non OCA Context : Set here the full description of your organization. -->
